echo 1th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_autovect
echo 2th
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
echo 3th
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
echo 4th
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_autovect
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_basic
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_blocked
echo 5th
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_genvect
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_rb
echo 6th
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
echo 7th
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_basic
echo 8th
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
echo 9th
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blocked
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
echo 10th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_row
echo 11th
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_autovect
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_row
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
echo 12th
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_genvect
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_autovect
echo 13th
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_autovect
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_genvect
echo 14th
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_col 
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 15th
./benchmark_basic
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_genvect
echo 16th
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_row
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_genvect
echo 17th
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_basic
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_naive
echo 18th
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_blas
echo 19th
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_autovect
echo 20th
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_genvect
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_autovect
echo 21th
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_autovect
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
echo 22th
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_copy
echo 23th
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_col 
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_autovect
echo 24th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_genvect
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_autovect
echo 25th
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_blocked
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_copy
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_basic
echo 26th
./benchmark_blocked
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_genvect
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_naive
echo 27th
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_blocked
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 28th
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_genvect
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_col 
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 29th
./benchmark_blas
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_rb
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_row
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_autovect
echo 30th
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_col 
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_naive
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
