#!/bin/bash
#PBS -l nodes=1:ppn=8
#PBS -l walltime=01:00:00
#PBS -N test1-hui
#PBS -j oe
#PBS -m bae
#PBS -M hsun1991@unm.edu
#PBS -V

cd $PBS_O_WORKDIR

module load anaconda
module load openblas-0.2.20-gcc-4.8.5-gqori4j
module load gsl-2.3-gcc-7.1.0-oqydlph
module load gnu8/8.2.0
echo 1th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 2th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 3th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 4th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 5th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 6th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 7th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 8th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 9th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 10th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 11th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 12th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 13th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 14th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 15th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 16th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 17th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 18th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 19th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 20th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 21th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 22th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 23th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 24th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 25th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 26th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 27th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 28th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 29th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
echo 30th
./benchmark_col 
./benchmark_autovect
./benchmark_blocked
./benchmark_copy
./benchmark_blas
source activate julia
julia julia_basic.jl
source deactivate
./benchmark_row
./benchmark_rb
./benchmark_genvect
./benchmark_basic
./benchmark_naive
source activate julia
julia julia_library.jl
source deactivate
